Converting azurerm module to az module (#1221)
UKCloud/documentation: articles/azure/azs-how-configure-powershell-operators.md

# PowerShell commands for Azure Stack Hub are installed through the PSGallery repository
# To register the PSGallery repository, open an elevated PowerShell session and run the following command:
Set-PSRepository -Name "PSGallery" -InstallationPolicy Trusted

# Install the latest version of PowerShellGet
Install-Module -Name PowerShellGet -Force

# Uninstall existing versions of Azure/Azure Stack Hub PowerShell
Get-Module -Name Azs.*, Azure*, Az.* -ListAvailable | Uninstall-Module -Force -Verbose

# Install the Az.BootStrapper module
# On some systems, you may need to run this command to be able to connect to PowerShell Gallery
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12

> Install-Module -Name Az.BootStrapper -Force -AllowPrerelease

Reviewer: Think we need to break this up like below. Also reword the comment about the TLS command.
```
# On some older systems, you may need to explicity set the TLS 1.2 security protocol to be able to interact with PowerShell Gallery
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12

# Install the Az.BootStrapper module
Install-Module -Name Az.BootStrapper -Force -AllowPrerelease
```

# PowerShell commands for Azure Stack Hub are installed through the PSGallery repository
# To register the PSGallery repository, open an elevated PowerShell session and run the following command:
Set-PSRepository -Name "PSGallery" -InstallationPolicy Trusted

# Install the latest version of PowerShellGet
Install-Module -Name PowerShellGet -Force

# Uninstall existing versions of Azure/Azure Stack Hub PowerShell
Get-Module -Name Azs.*, Azure*, Az.* -ListAvailable | Uninstall-Module -Force -Verbose

> # On some systems, you may need to run this command to be able to connect to PowerShell Gallery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# On some older systems, you may need to explicity set the TLS 1.2 security protocol to be able to interact with PowerShell Gallery
```
Missing the comment change.

> # On some older systems, you may need to explicity set the TLS 1.2 security protocol to be able to interact with PowerShell Gallery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# On some older systems, you may need to explicitly set the TLS 1.2 security protocol to be able to interact with PowerShell Gallery
```
I can't spell...
